Numbers as Signs

If numbers exists, where might we find them?
They are always, so to speak, out of grasp from our physical senses as if they've been granted some kind of nonterminating pre-existence beyond our spatio-temporal realm.
Interacting with numbers is done exclusively and indirectly through the use of signs; where the signifier of the sign points to the unobtainable signified; the number itself.
Contrast that to a photograph which operates as an iconic sign.  The photo sign signifier points to what was or still is the actualized physical signified.
A number sign is however a symbolic sign in which the signified points to an abstract object; a mathematical object.

That is not to say that numbers can only exist as symbols.
In the case of the tally marks, the sign is both the signifier and the signified of its own representation.
A self-referential existence that exposes the accumulated events of it having been counted into existence.
So is the physical representation of an idealized iconic set of tallies not itself an indexical sign to the act of having been counted?
An evolution of semiotic signs for numbers are revealed where a conventionalized set of indexable events becomes itself the iconic representation of past events.
With increased familiarity on duplicated self-referencing signs new foreign representations are introduced and the number becomes symbolic.
That is to say, a number's existence pre-assumes a temporal continuum which has been abstracted through symbolism.
If numbers exist anywhere their existence spans the temporal continuum in which they had been counted.
Observing a number at any point in time would collapse it to an indexical sign where the signified representation is that of past events.


Knowing that numbers are symbolic sign abstractions over self-referential iconic signs which in turn are indexical signs to sequential events we are then persuaded again to return to the spatio-temporal property that underpin a number's existence.  This phenomenon is that of counting.


from ted talk:
Frege-Russel 2 = {{a1,a2},{b1,b2},{c1,c2},...}
von neumann 2 = {0,1}
Cantor = {A,B}




scratch:
An existence outside our normal particle based experience.
yet they materialize within our minds as if originating from an abstract plain.
To exist as a concept alone, they are perhaps nothing more than a network of neurons.
The instantiation of a thought at times are signifiers to the signifieds of physical objects.
The existence of a number in the mind may be a mental surrogate of a physical object.



Could something exist without a spacial location?

spatio-temporal realm
https://www.reddit.com/r/askphilosophy/comments/7xq9vl/is_mathematical_platonism_a_common_position_is_it/
join reddits (philosophy)

There are many universes and many of them are fictional.
Skeleton derived copied and manipulated, abstracted and simplified, emulated and simulated, created, tested, and destroyed.

We vs Is linguistic phenomenon on how humans create multiple fictional worlds to support argument

POLYCONTEXTURAL LOGIC